I am currently a researcher in the Autonomous Systems group at Microsoft. My areas of focus are aerial robotics, autonomous localization/planning, computer vision and machine learning.

In 2019, I received my PhD from the Texas A&M University, where I was part of the Unmanned Systems Lab, headed by Dr. Srikanth Saripalli. My PhD thesis was about collaborative localization and navigation for groups of vision based unmanned aerial vehicles. During my PhD years, I spent the summer of 2016 as a robotics intern in Millennium Engineering at the NASA Ames Research Center. At Millennium, I helped develop localization and autonomous navigation pipelines for a quadrotor UAV to navigate challenging subterranean, GPS-denied environments.

Prior to my PhD, I received my Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from the Arizona State University in 2013. During these years, I was part of the Extreme Environment Robotics Lab (EERL) at ASU, headed by the late Dr. Alberto Behar. As part of the EERL team, I worked on developing software and lower-level firmware for the Micro Subglacial Lake Exploration Device (MSLED), an underwater robot for exploring subglacial lakes in Antarctica that was deployed as part of the Whillans Ice Stream Subglacial Access Research Drilling (WISSARD) expedition. I was also the team lead for the BENTO project,which involved developing hardware and software for a remote volcano monitoring system. I also worked as a Firmware Engineering intern at Intel Corporation in 2013: where I developed embedded firmware for the Intel BioSport headset.

My undergraduate degree was in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from the JNTU Hyderabad, India, from which I graduated in 2011. During my undergraduate program, I worked on developing algorithms for computational analysis of electrical distribution systems.  